Release notes for 11 July release (#319)
opentensor/developer-docs: docs/bittensor-rel-notes.md

# Bittensor Release Notes

The following are the release notes for the Bittensor software.

## Release 7.3.0

`Released 12 July 2024`

### New features and enhancements

> - **Consensus-based weights** ("liquid alpha"): With this version, the [Consensus-based weights](./subnets/consensus-based-weights.md) feature is now available in the `master` branch. Until now this feature was available only in the `rc_7.3.0` branch of the `bittensor` repo. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Consensus-based weights** ("liquid alpha"): With this version, the [Consensus-based weights](./subnets/consensus-based-weights.md) feature is now available in the `master` branch. Until now, this feature has only been available in the `rc_7.3.0` branch of the `bittensor` repo. 
```
